fix bug in format playbook (#429)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed a bug in the **format** command where playbook field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the **format** command where `playbookName` field was not always present in the file.
```
